June 30, 2007
Kickphoning
===========

San Franciscan character of the week

Coming back in a cab from the Mission, we passed this low-riding 70’s red saloon with complete with tailfins and chrome. Rap was blasting out the windows and I fully expected to see this massive guy from the hood inside. Instead, a 5-foot-tall 50-year-old very white guy was behind the wheel, straining to see over it. He was completely bald but had an impressive elaborate French mustache to add to the effect. You only get these characters in SF.

Kickboxing

So I started going kickboxing in the Fairtex Muay Thai place near Bayside. It’s really good - I found out after my induction class that the guy teaching me was an ex-world champion. These dudes are serious. We looked him up on Youtube after the class.

I think the teachers choose one of the two personas - good cop or bad cop. The guy I had the first few days was extremely positive and offered great encouragement. The one we had on Thursday seemed to take pleasure in watching us newbies do pushups, kick things until our feet hurt and deprive us of rest as much as is legal.

iPhone launch

So, yesterday I woke up, ate breakfast and walked down to the Apple Store - arriving at 5.45pm. There was a massive queue heading down the street. The atmosphere was amazing - I chatted to some improv artists who had a giant cardboard iPhone for kids to take their photo with. The cardPhone had a hole cut where the speaker would be above the screen and kids poked their heads through and pretended to be giant iPhones. What is it with Apple and generating this kind of hype?

As I chatted with a guy with a camera attached to a baseball cap on one side and what I could only assume to be a stripper on the other, the line beside me started moving. I edged into the flow, letting the guy who’d been in line since yesterday go in front of me. I found myself walking up the stairs of the Apple Store, being applauded (for my prowess at queuing?) by Apple employees on both sides. The upstairs had a wall of Apple employees guiding me to the queue at the Genius Bar. The place had no customers yet so I was a wee bit intimidated by this human wall of Mac knowledge. I ducked out to the side, explaining that my friend was getting one and I was only here for solidarity… or something. I spent the next 20 minutes playing with the a display model of the iPhone.

It’s pretty sweet. First thing I tried obviously was the texting. Surprisingly, my text to Patrick got a reply - they had working SIMs in the display models. I promptly initiated a conference call with Patrick and Harj, and made a mental note to come back here whenever I was out of credit. I also took some photos and tried calling Dad’s mobile before I realised it was 3am in Ireland.

Kul came down to join me and I think would have bought one except you need to sign a 2-year contract with the devil - not an issue - but for that you need an SSN and a credit history. Maybe next year.
